ae
since it supports gael
Talk about people who admit it with more 16 08
linked with an ink here in the afternoon or
bridge bridge john bridge bridge won that
although throwing my pawn map of my
number pi the map and on my worst side here is
fuck
but it's okay to do what life is all about
Look how the hell, it's still going to look
but most Tutsi 11 power and was
punished
I hung out in the cafe there.
Dude that's it was to kill to make it him
He sees the ball then I was all there
he's the guy from the vowel u is the first
if you do not pull the paycheck
that a blow to the edge recharges not I already
he does not carry the second guy there
then he started charging and stopped
side is on and has already been taken
but already in the bathroom
it was beautiful
call brown catanha well the guy is in
b and remained stable I think I would
see table
is I think the discussion that faces another
b8 on the base even so the hand dock in the
low border of olhão banished hug in it
ae and look that delivers a streak
I have to talk here what 's up, man.
We're going to have to make man's way.
do not know if he has delayed the delegate
lance in the room does not leave the room
now I just want to get you there he gave me AIDS
killed because it is on fire is my focus is
cool
Then you 'll know if it's already a veteran ball.
you piglet cheer will have no face channel
will have both banned canon
I was not even able to play
embrace fan 81 dollar place getting to
house wanted to see how it goes the more
quick than I thought it was expensive it's the
Italian fuck then it was good people until
next match